sync_viber: add possibility to send and receive files (#332)
itpp-labs/sync-addons: sync/doc/index.rst

  * ``identity_key`` key uniquely identifying the job, if specified and a job
    with the same key has not yet been run, the new job will not be added.

Attachments
~~~~~~~~~~~

> Used to send attachments to an external system, which receive the picture/document as a URL
> 
> * ``attachment.get_public_url()``: attachment is odoo attachment object

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* ``attachment.get_public_url()``: generates access url. Can be used to pass attachments to an external system as url, instead of direct uploading the content. 
```
